_________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Directions to run the model and visualize results.  
_________________________________________________________________________________________________

All you need is code files (.gms) of Contract and Market-Contract price models. The code file has all the inputs defined and it will automatically create all the output files. 
Note: A valid GAMS model is required to run the model.

For example: Contract Price Model. Copy the download .gms file (e.g. June18_Sat_Sun_Weekday_Model.gms) and save that file in the same folder you have created and saved your GAMS project. After saving the file, you just have to press F9 or run button available in the top bar of GAMS IDE interface.  The model will create all the output files except the file named "Graphs". That Graph file is designed seperately to visualize the results. Similar procedure is applicable for Market-Contract Price Model.

Now download Graphs.xlxs file for visulization. Consider this .xlsx file as a template to visualize the results. All you have to update are blue colored cells from .gdx or .xlsx (output) files. For example, in the Graphs file there are three sheets (Offset, Tradeoff_Graph, Hydrograph_H1000). The offset sheet needs values from .gdx file. The .gdx file can be only open in GAMS IDE interface. Click File>open. Now change the files of types to GDX files. If location of the code file and project file will be same then you will see a output .gdx file. Open that .gdx file and scroll to parameter " Fstore". Copy all the data of Fstore by selecting all and Ctrl+C to copy. Now paste the data in Graph.xlsx and offset within the blue colored cells. Be carefull while pasting the data. Always paste the data starting first left top corner of the blue colored cells. All the values and graph of the sheet will be updated once data will be correctly pasted. If you are not interested to visualize impacts of offset releases, you can ignore offset sheet and usage of .gdx file. 
Move to Tradeoff_Graph sheet. Here, you need values from output .xlsx file (e.g. Sat_Sun_Weekday_June.xlsx). Open the output .xlsx file and move to the Fstore sheet. You will see drop down for Offset, tot_vol, Nu_SteadyDays, and values. For instance,  select H4 from the Offset drop down (H4 is 1000 cfs offset release) and copy the numbers from the Value column. Paste the numbers in the Graphs.xlsx and Tradeoff_Graph in the blue colored cells. The tradeoff graph will be updated. Similarly, for Hydrograph_H1000 you need values from Rstore from the output .xlsx file.  The Rstore sheet in the Sat_Sun_Weekday_June.xlsx file also have drop downs. Select H4 from offset sheet and V2 from the tot_Vol drop downs. Copy the values and paste those in the Graphs.xlsx and Hydrograph_H1000 sheet in the blue colored cells.

All the steps discussed above are applicable to Market-Contract Price Model folder.
